[DOCS] Creates Custom Table Expectation How-To (#4399)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/guides/expectations/creating_custom_expectations/how_to_create_custom_table_expectations.md

---
title: How to create a Custom Table Expectation
---
import Prerequisites from '../creating_custom_expectations/components/prerequisites.jsx'

**`TableExpectations`** are one of the most common types of [**Expectation**](../../../reference/expectations/expectations.md). 

> They are evaluated for a table, and answers a semantic question about the table itself. For example, `expect_table_column_count_to_equal` and `expect_table_row_count_to_equal` answer how many columns and rows are in your table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They are evaluated for an entire table, and answer a semantic question about the table itself. For example, `expect_table_column_count_to_equal` and `expect_table_row_count_to_equal` answer how many columns and rows are in your table.
```

By convention, your [**Metric**](../../../reference/metrics.md) class is defined first in a Custom Expectation. For now, we're going to skip to the Expectation class and begin laying the groundwork for the functionality of your Custom Expectation.

Let's start by updating your Expectation's name and docstring.

Replace the Expectation class name
```python file=../../../../examples/expectations/table_expectation_template.py#L85
```

with your real Expectation class name, in upper camel case:
```python file=../../../../tests/integration/docusaurus/expectations/creating_custom_expectations/expect_table_columns_to_be_unique.py#L94
```

You can also go ahead and write a new one-line docstring, replacing
```python file=../../../../examples/expectations/table_expectation_template.py#L86
```

with something like:
```python file=../../../../tests/integration/docusaurus/expectations/creating_custom_expectations/expect_table_columns_to_be_unique.py#L95
```

You'll also need to change the class name at the bottom of the file, by replacing this line:
```python file=../../../../examples/expectations/table_expectation_template.py#L150
```

with this one:

> ```python file=../../../../tests/integration/docusaurus/expectations/creating_custom_expectations/expect_table_columns_to_be_unique.py#L213

Reviewer: This code snippet is showing up as blank

Author: Fixed, thank you!
